Professor Potts here.
It's uh, September 3rd, 1996.
And it's day one at Next Life.
And I will be assisting
Professor Mcrae
in databasing the new batch
of terminally ill subjects
that arrive today.
But the real work of course will
begin
once they start dying off.
So.
Potts again.
The date is November 1st.
We haven't been able to move
forward
as the subjects, they've
um, proven quite resilient.
Yes.
But they did usher in a new
batch of inmates on death row.
So...
Here's to one of them getting
the chair.
Cheers.
It was supposed to be simple.
We scan the energy, they die.
We track them to their next
life.
That's what Professor Mcrae
promised.
But now...
He's gone mad.
He wants to bring them back
once they've been reborn,
show them who they were. It's...
It's unethical.
I don't think I can do it
anymore.
I just can't.
I'm done.
Oh no.
No.
We want justice, we
want peace!
Stop the violence, arrest the
police!
We want justice, we want peace!
Stop the violence, arrest the
police!
We want justice, we want peace!
Stop the violence, arrest the
police!
We want justice, we want peace!
Stop the violence, arrest the
police!
We want justice, we want peace!
Stop the violence, arrest the
police!
We want justice, we want peace!
Right now!
Hey, what are you doing, man?
I ain't do anything man,
I didn't do nothing.
We want justice, we
want peace!
Stop the violence, arrest the
police!
We want justice, we want peace!
Stop the violence, arrest the
police!
Hey, birthday girl.
- Happy bir-
- Thanks, Dad.
Didn't hear you come in last
night.
You're not exactly a light
sleeper.
Lola.
I made you breakfast.
I'm not that hungry.
But you got enough room for
cereal.
I seem to have lost my
appetite.
Lola, wait.
What?
I saw the news last night.
Dad, don't.
Okay, just let me go to school,
all right?
You should have seen their
faces, they were so scared.
What'd you do to them?
What was necessary.
Remind me never to mess with
this one.
This bitch is crazy.
Girl, if you want them to
listen to you
you have to speak to
them in their language.
They're gonna learn to fear
me.
One of them pinned me
down, it fucking hurt.
Are you serious?
Yeah, it's all good.
I threw a molotov at them,
set their asses on fire
so I'd say we're even.
How the hell do you know
how to make a molotov?
Movies, TV, mostly the
internet.
So wait, how did you escape?
I almost didn't.
But I ran like hell.
Seriously, Lola, you
need to watch yourself.
They got cameras everywhere.
Yeah, my face was covered
so they can kiss my ass.
Well my ass wouldn't gotten
caught.
Dad.
I'm sorry about this morning.
It's okay, I get it.
I think.
Honestly, you have no idea.
Care to talk about it?
There she is.
Happy birthday!
Thanks, Mom.
Why'd you bring me a cake?
Dad already baked me one.
I know, I know, but
I brought a good cake.
It has pudding.
Jesus, Mom, what the fuck?
Hey, language.
Oh, let her be.
She doesn't listen to us
anyways.
She does what she wants, when
she wants,
with who she wants.
You bitch.
Look at you.
Quite the actress.
The best.
Sweetheart, you're a
delinquent.
How many times have you been to
jail?
Ava.
It's her birthday.
Yeah mom, it's my fucking
birthday.
Yes?
Is Lola Rose here?
Lola, it's for you.
Lola Rose?
Who's asking?
This is for you.
I don't understand.
Don't worry, you will.
What the fuck?
Thank you for letting me drive
you.
Please, you just need an
excuse to get out of the house.
For what, exactly?
Seriously, just forget it.
Since when do you hold your
tongue?
What is this?
Do you just enjoy being
cruel to your mother?
I'm not a child, okay?
I know things.
Oh, okay, what things, Lola?
What things do you know?
Stop playing dumb.
Fine, if you really wanna
know, I'll tell you.
But I can't 'cause this is me.
A man delivered this to me last
night.
Ooh, are we invited?
I mean, was he cute though?
No, it was not like that,
okay?
Next Life, did you Google
their ass?
Totally off the radar.
Those that don't wanna be
found
are best left alone, believe
that.
That's true.
You're probably right.
But I need to see where this
leads.
Thank you for
calling
Next Life, please hold.
Yes, Professor Mcrae
will be right with you.
You wanted me here, so I'm
here.
Professor, she's here, it's
Lola.
Are you gonna arrest
me?
What, why would we?
My word.
I never thought I'd live to see
the first.
What is this place, huh?
Why am I here?
I will explain everything.
No, no, no, no.
That's impossible.
You're fucking with me, right?
This is all some big fucking
joke.
You're not what I expected.
Why would you say that?
Well, I thought there'd
be more similarities.
If what you say is true,
presuming I believe a single
word of it,
how did you find me?
The odds are-
- Astronomical?
Years ago I would have agreed
with you,
but now, everyone can be
accounted for.
Everyone.
The lenses behind you.
Is something supposed to
happen?
What?
What is this?
Nanotechnology.
Our holy grail.
In 60 seconds it's capable
of scanning your entire body.
The monitors to your left, have
a look.
With this, we can locate anyone,
anywhere.
Its reach is infinite.
How can you do this?
What you're doing is so
violating.
That is not our intention.
It is purely for scientific
research, I can assure you.
Earlier, why did you
say I was the first?
Because, you were the first
to return with an
electromagnetic energy
that had already been accounted
for.
And you're just telling me
this now?
We only just went live.
Come, it's time you two finally
meet.
I will be right outside if you
need me.
I don't know how this works.
I know I'm supposed to tell
y'all
the good about my life.
But then I'd be lying.
It wouldn't be real.
The other night, these two
guys came looking for me.
They wanted me dead.
And I'm scared.
And I don't know if I'm gonna
make it.
Which is why you need to hear
everything I have to tell you.
I'm Robbie Stinson.
And this is my story.
What you
clocking that mile at now?
6.30.
Haha, I was doing five back
when that meant something.
Pssh, I need proof of that,
move over.
Always in the way.
Okay.
So you messing
with me?
Hmm, you messing with me?
Come on now, come on.
What you got, what you got?
No you old, come on.
What it is?
I gotta go to school,
- come on.
- I know you do.
That's right, you better run.
I might've knocked you out.
What'd I do with my coffee?
I need proof.
Okay.
Can you believe my mom
grounded me?
Yes, yes I can actually.
She can't do that.
She just can't.
What exactly did you do this
time?
Uh, I'd rather not say.
Then why did you bring it up?
I don't... guilty conscience,
man?
I don't know.
Okay, look, I spied on the
neighbor again.
It's no big deal.
Yeah, that's real funny.
Hey look, you didn't see what I
saw.
- Okay?
- Gene!
Miss Baker's pushing 50, bro.
That's just wrong.
Yeah, well she should
close her blinds then.
That's just wrong.
Ah.
Hey, um, you going down to the
recruitment office next week?
What?
I... dude, I'm grounded.
I literally just told you that.
Yeah.
Dude come on, you know my mom,
she's always up my ass.
I tell her I wanna leave town,
smack me upside my head.
Now, if you tell her,
that's a different story.
She's got a thing for you.
So, maybe you can ask her?
Hey!
You guys need a ride?
Oh, no thanks,
- we're kind of in the-
- Gene!
What are you doing?
Well I was.
Oh, you.
Gene, you're killing me, bro.
Okay.
To be fair, that... that
That's, that's fair.
Professor MaCrae, Omega
Division.
Yes.
Have they accepted our offer?
Wonderful.
How soon before they send our
subjects?
Good, prep them.
I shall be there first
thing in the morning.
Wow, look at you, on time and
shit.
Bravo!
I ain't your goddamn
chauffeur.
You take care of your Uncle
Russ?
He's coming along.
Why do I smell bullshit?
He wants a cut.
What?
25 fucking percent.
Fuck!
Fuck, I really need that money,
Cliff.
How am I supposed to leave now?
Hey, Robbie!
You need a lift?
We got some space in the back.
No seatbelts, but we got some
rope that's nice and tight!
We can't keep doing this.
Speak for yourself.
I mean you could totally
whoop their asses, man.
Why is this necessary?
No, if I do that, they
just keep coming back.
Okay then, you rinse and you
repeat.
Gene, why you even running?
They're not after you, they're
after me.
I don't know man, I
see you run then I run
because we're a team.
Gene and Robbie against
the world, it's us.
How about I race you home?
Oh god, no.
Let's just walk.
Please?
Come on, walk at a brisk pace,
okay.
Can I get you
anything else?
Slow night.
Lovely, isn't it?
Yeah, not when you need the
tips.
How would you like to
volunteer for a survey?
It pays quite well.
Roger, roger, this is Gene,
over.
Contacting anyone affiliated
with Gene and the gang.
Come on Robbie, just talk to me,
dude.
Fletcher, is that you?
Oh, god, Is this Lonnie
Dawkins?
You little shit, what are
you doing on this channel?
I told you next time I was
gonna tell your mother.
Kiss my ass,
Fletcher.
Hey Lonnie, listen, bud.
You're talking to the two
time spelling bee champion
of the district.
I can't believe
they signed off for this.
Waiting for people to die.
They better hope this doesn't
get out.
They have no idea what's
on the other side.
The other side?
The other side, the other side.
No.
No!
The other side!
Oh my god, I knew it.
Oh, what's happening?
Mom, it's happening!
Gene, you're gonna have
to save the world, man.
I can't do it alone.
God, I gotta call Robbie.
Hey Robbie.
You know that truck
out there need washing.
I just washed it like two days
ago.
Why I do I gotta wash it again
for?
No.
No!
This cannot be happening!
Oh my, Robbie.
Again with the truck?
You don't even drive.
What do you want, Gene?
Pow wow at my place, okay?
It's not safe outside.
The Fed's got ears everywhere.
What?
It's not safe outside, the
Fed's got ears everywhere.
Gene, this better be good.
It's so good.
It's so good, come on.
I wouldn't bullshit you, Robbie.
I think you're overreacting.
Okay, you wanna know what I
think?
I think it came from that
military base outside of town.
That place doesn't even have an
entrance.
Now think about it, unmarked
vans coming and going,
walls of defenses built so
frickin high
to keep the inquiring minds at
bay.
Like me.
Now that place is clearly up to
something.
Oh, shit!
What?
Well obviously that's
the doorbell, Robbie.
Someone's at the door.
Ugh, oh god.
Oh my gosh, and would you stop
leaving
your sweaty shirts in my room?
I'm tired of burning incense in
here
to mask that stench.
like a Catholic church in here,
Robbie.
It's starting to smell
Look, just let you mother get
that.
Robbie, do you want me
to tear my mother away
from Jose Padilla's game of
wheels?
Just go get the door.
You don't know the show.
You're so annoying, Robbie.
Sorry, but we're atheists, so.
No, no, wait, wait, please.
My car broke down and
I'm already running late.
Late, late for what, huh?
Give me some answers, old man.
I just need a phone call.
Will you help me or not?
Robbie.
I'm telling you, I heard
too much last night.
He's one of them.
You need to let that go
He's not-
- No!
No, no!
This is just a minor setback!
Do not begin the new trials.
I need to see the new batch!
I don't care!
Let them wait!
I will be there tonight!
I thought you needed a
mechanic.
Yes.
Among other things.
Hey, so what's on the other
side?
Remember this name.
Change is coming.
For all of us.
Imagine a world where
death is no longer the end
of our story, but just the
beginning.
One day you'll look back on this
moment,
and you'll remember.
That is when I met him.
Knew him before.
Before what?
Before he changed the world.
Man, that guy was crazy.
Pff, he's just gonna change the
world.
Hey, you never know.
Anything's possible.
No, that guy was full of shit.
Okay Gene, whatever
you say.
What, are you leaving?
Yeah, I'm out, man.
I miss you so much.
What couldn't you have a next
life life?
Why did you have to leave me
soon?
Hey, Robbie, I was...
You okay?
You ever have any regrets?
Some.
You?
I just never had the chance.
I was just a kid.
I never thought she wouldn't be
around.
I never told her I love her.
It doesn't matter what you
said or didn't say, Robbie.
You gave her strength.
To her dying breath she
would pray and pray,
just one more day with him.
Just let me see my son.
It hurts.
Hey there, Robbie.
You weren't just trying
to avoid me, were you?
Hey, hey, hey, I was talking to
you.
I thought we were friends.
Why are you doing this, Kenny,
this isn't-
You got two options.
Either you get up and fight me
back,
or my personal favorite lights
out.
What's it gonna be?
No.
I'm not fighting you, Kenny.
You're gonna change your mind
one of these days, man.
I used to get this all the time
when I wouldn't go to sleep.
My daddy said he was the sandman
and I almost believed him.
Welcome to my world, Robbie.
Hey!
Stop running!
Kenny!
Hop on, hop on.
You get back
here,
you little son of a bitch!
Goddamit, boy!
You are gonna regret this.
Wow, your room is so cool.
I'm Kenny.
I'm Robbie.
Thanks for saving my life.
Yeah, no sweat.
Why did your dad do that?
My daddy drinks too much
so I took all his beer caps.
Had to use my teeth on this one.
Guess he didn't like me doing
that.
You want my dad to talk to
him?
No, that'll just make him
madder.
Down goes Frazier!
Aha, there you go boy,
just like I taught you.
But you gotta move them
feet a little bit, man.
You gotta dance around
a little bit, come on!
What's wrong, man?
Is this about the farm
boy with the chicken coop
that egged my truck?
Okay, I get it, you're a grown
man,
you do what you want.
All right, what do I know?
I only been around the block and
back-
- Just wasting your time, Pops.
But it ain't gotta be that
way, Robbie.
All you gotta do is talk to me.
I just need to get outta here!
Out of what?
Out of the house?
I mean you're still-
- Out of this town.
Out of this state, if I
can just enlist already-
- And do what?
You gonna run?
Is that what you think the army
wants?
Soldiers who can't face the
enemy?
It's different though, man.
The hell it is, Robbie.
It's the same damn thing!
I can't do this no more,
aight?!
I'm tired!
I run, he chases me down.
I stand my ground, he knocks me
on my ass!
And I take that shit!
I take that shit, man!
And I stay out of trouble
like you taught me.
Like you taught me, man.
And I put my head down and I
ride it out.
That's me, man.
That's me.
I know.
No, that's me.
Every damn day that's me.
I get that from you.
I know.
- I get that from you.
- I know.
I miss my mom, man.
I know you do 'cause I do too.
What I'm going
through.
I know.
It's hard, man.
I know, man.
So that's it, huh?
You think running away from this
shit's
gonna change anything?
Your ass ain't going nowhere.
You're staying right where you
belong.
These are our stomping grounds,
Kenny.
You don't just walk away from
that.
But you know what, you
do what you gotta do.
If you wanna run, fucking run!
Even if it does make you look
like a little bitch.
You know what I think?
I think you need to get laid.
Hey, hey, hey, look.
See that chick right there,
the bitch who cuts herself?
She's fucking drunk,
man.
Even better!
- Fuck you, man.
- Man, just go down-
- I said no, goddamit!
What's the matter?
You can't get it up?
That's a bad look, Kenny.
Damn you, Cliff.
Um, Mitch.
Yeah, baby.
A boy just walked in.
Shit.
Kenny?
Don't you touch my fucking beer!
Why don't you worry
about that nasty bitch
you dragged in and fuck off?
Hey!
Agh!
I'm getting too old for this,
Kenny.
You should know by now.
Hey, my mom's got bingo
tonight,
so do you wanna go half on a
pizza?
We can split the,
oh shoot, Robbie, look, look.
Look, look, look, look.
Well, he got what he deserved.
Yeah he most certainly did.
What time do you wanna meet
up?
Uh, let's do five.
No, no, no, no, 5:30.
Wait, maybe like wait,
- no, because I-
- Wait, Gene.
Let me do the talking.
Hey.
I'm Robbie, and this is my
friend-
- Gene, I'm Gene.
Hello, ladies.
Nice to meet you, I'm Janice.
Nancy.
So does that free ride still
stand?
Of course.
Hop in.
I got Nancy.
You mind if I sit?
Of course, it's all you.
Coming in hot.
So, Robbie, I've seen you
around school
you keep a low profile.
Yeah, just trying to
ride things out, you know,
stay out of trouble.
Then you better watch out for
Janice.
She's nothing but trouble.
She's not wrong.
Yeah.
Which one of y'all play?
I saw the guitar back there.
Take a wild guess.
I mean, obviously,
I beg to differ.
See, Janice seems like the
obvious choice.
She's flirtatious, gives rides
to strangers, probably
promiscuous.
This is why I can't have
friends.
Definitely kisses on the first
date.
Case closed, right?
No!
Then there's Nancy, the ordinary
one.
I can only imagine what goes
on in that head of hers.
Uh oh Janice, should we tell
him?
No, let's let him
keep his little fantasy.
Yeah, look, I got a knack
for figuring people out, okay?
I bet when she goes home
she's gonna write a song about
me, Robbie.
Oh really?
Mhmm, yeah.
And what would it be about?
Hell if I know, I don't
songwrite.
Sorry Gene,
the guitar is all me.
Shit.
You sing too?
Oh yeah, like a rockstar.
Look who came through.
About damn time.
Well?
Hey I didn't drive my happy
ass all the way over here
to watch you dick around.
You gonna check this shit out or
what?
You get a jab in at least?
Mind your fucking business,
man.
Test these out if they work?
I just got 'em!
When was I supposed to have the
time
to take these things out-
- Shut up, shh.
I got an idea.
If you could go anywhere in
the world,
where would you go and why?
Oh that's easy.
Far from my mother.
Next.
Honestly, anywhere
else but here, you know?
Ouch.
Are we that boring?
Explain yourself.
No, that's not what I meant.
What, what I meant was, from
this town.
You know, I just...
This place isn't me, you know?
Mhmm, I feel you.
Nice save.
Hey, Robbie, why don't you join
me
for a game of foosball?
See what you're really made of.
I mean if you wanna
lose, we can do that.
Oh, that's very sweet, but I
never lose.
Huh, okay.
Hey, you like foosball?
You know there's another table
over there
- if you wanna play.
- Um, thanks but
I'm like really full right now,
so.
Yeah.
Next time.
Actually, I'll take that, yeah.
You said you're full?
Okay, yeah.
Oh no!
You never go to waste.
Oh my god, please don't do
that.
No, it's okay.
Oh my god!
Oh, so good.
Goddamn, Cliff, who
taught you how to drive?
Fuck off.
Could you step on it,
please?
Man, you trying to bring
attention?
A little never hurt nobody.
Until it does.
Remember.
- If shit goes south.
- Yeah, I know.
I know.
You don't have to tell me twice.
Really?
See, what'd I tell you?
Fine, you're getting
lucky.
I'm gonna get you next time.
I always win though.
We'll see.
Yeah, come on.
Hey, can I ask you
something?
Yeah, of course.
What's with the dog tags?
They belong to my Pops.
What, so you up and took them?
Nah, he uh...
See my mother passed
when I was really young.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Nah, it's okay.
He said "Take these, they're
yours."
They gave him courage.
He thought they'd do the same
for me, so.
And did they?
Yeah.
I think they do.
I'll take the front, you take
the back.
Come on.
Attack!
No, no, so many people!
Pew pew pew pew!
I'ma get you!
Cliff!
Did you kill him?
Fuck you, boy.
You can't kill me!
Cliff!
Goddamit!
Is this what you want?!
Fuck this!
Ain't no stopping me!
You couldn't take me then
and you're not taking me now!
So what do you got
going on this weekend?
You down to hang?
Yeah, ah, I can't.
I'll be out of town this
weekend.
I have an appointment with the
recruiter.
Okay.
Do you need a lift or?
Thanks, but I already
bought a bus ticket.
But when I get back,
Wait, shit, what?
- What is going on?
- Pull up, pull up,
- please hurry.
- Wait, no.
- I think we should probably-
- Janice, pull over!
- Okay, okay.
- Pull over!
Dad!
Hey, hey, hey!
- Let us do our job!
- Why are you arresting him?
- Back away from the scene.
- It's okay, Robbie.
You don't wanna be coming with
us.
All I did was defend myself.
Hey, let him go!
Come on.
Dad, I don't understand!
Fuck.
Gene, you up?
If I say no?
Never mind.
No, though, I'm up.
I'm up.
Last night, I watched as they
rolled
a body bag past me.
And all I could think was
let it be him.
I mean there's still a
chance it could be him, it's-
- Did you know we used to be
friends?
Yeah, did you know we're still
Me and Kenny.
What?
Are you serious?
Well, when was that?
This was years ago.
How is that even possible?
That guy is a jerk.
He wasn't always that way.
This one time when he came over.
He brought me this empty pickle
jar.
Said he couldn't keep it at
home.
We're about 10 at the time.
At first I didn't understand.
But then he reaches into his
pocket,
pulls out a fistful of beer
caps.
He just pours them into the jar.
Nearly fills it halfway.
Then he looks at me with this
face
as if he can hurt someone.
And he says to me, "I earned
these."
"Each one got my ass beat
and it was worth it."
"I'm gonna fill the rest of that
jar."
"And when I do, he's
gonna pay with his life."
"I promise you."
Who's he talking about?
His dad.
So did he?
You know, the jar, did
you ever fill it up?
No.
But he came close.
But then, my mother died.
And we moved.
And he just stopped coming
around.
Yeah.
I'm gonna keep the light on.
Nice talk.
It's just 'cause my
eyes are dilated and...
Boys, who's ready for more?
Hit me with another stack, Ma.
No thanks, Miss Fletcher.
We have breaking news right
now.
Late last night, a home
invasion rocked our community
when two masked assailants
attacked a local man, Arthur
Stinson.
Holy shit, you seeing this?
Gene, quiet down, I can't
hear!
Killed one of the attackers
who's been identified as
21 year old Cliff Groader.
- No fricking way.
- Another unidentified suspect
is still at large.
So remain vigilant.
Keep your doors locked at all
times.
Oh.
Man, this is bad.
Robbie, you know who's
still at large, right?
I mean come on, it has to be-
- Gene!
Kenny wouldn't do that.
Sometimes he takes
things a little too far.
But he wouldn't do that.
You don't know that.
He wouldn't.
Robbie, it's
for you.
Hello?
Robbie?
How you holding up?
Dad?
How'd you find me here?
Because I knew this was
the only place you had to go.
I saw the news.
Yeah, well then you know
I did what had to be done.
Listen Dad.
There's something I gotta tell
you.
Okay, but make it quick.
I know the guys that did it.
I knew the guys that attacked
you.
And it wasn't meant for
you, that was meant for me.
And if that wasn't bad enough,
one of them is still out there.
And he's gonna come
back and finish the job
and I don't, I don't know what
to do.
No, listen.
As soon as I straighten
this out, I'm coming home.
You hear me?
In the meantime, I want
you to get on that bus
and stay out of town for a few
days.
Dad, the recruitment can wait!
Robbie, my time is up!
Get on that damn bus!
Yeah, what is it?
Shit, hold on.
Kenny!
You gotta tell this girl
to stop calling, goddamit!
Yeah he don't live here anymore.
- Get your ass up!
- Agh, shit!
What the fuck?!
Shut your fucking mouth!
You got your friend killed,
didn't you?
I didn't do shit!
Tell that to his parents.
I know you were there, I know
you.
You don't fucking know me.
I'll give you a head start
but then I'm turning you in.
Fuck you.
Look what you made me do!
You did this.
This is your fault!
You think I did this, me?
Unless you drag your coked up
whore
- of a mother into this shit,
- No.
you best leave my name
out of your goddamn excuses.
No, she was what she
was but she loved me.
You just love to hurt me!
Well.
What are you waiting for, huh?
I'll see
you in a few days, man.
Are you sure you don't want me
to come?
I could trick my mom into
thinking-
- No, no, just be safe, all
right?
All right.
- Get outta here.
- What?
Come here, man.
- Yeah.
You're so awkward.
Well you know I hate it, so.
Be safe.
Yeah, you stay safe too, man.
What are you doing here?
Gene said I could find you
here.
I figured you'd need a lift.
You didn't have to come-
- Robbie, I know.
I'm here because I wanna be.
Just get in.
You know you don't have to
tell me about what happened.
I don't need to know, I know
it's none of my business
but it's kind of hard to ignore.
It's on like every channel.
Can I ask you something?
Yeah, anything.
Why are you doing this?
Helping me out.
I'm nobody to you.
People just don't do shit for me
like they would for you.
Don't say that, that's not-
- You won't understand.
Yeah I wouldn't understand,
I'm just supposed to accept that
answer?
No.
No, you know what, you're
right, I don't understand.
Robbie, you won't fucking let
me.
I don't think it's safe for me
to be around you right now.
You know how this works.
I've read your file.
I hope so.
That's your damn job.
The boy you shot.
The man I shot.
Doesn't matter now.
Dead is dead.
Point being, his name is Cliff
Groader.
Name mean anything to you?
His father runs a shit motel
down the edge of town.
Crazy son of a bitch.
Must be something in the blood.
What's that got to do with me?
See your file?
Isn't half as big as his.
So, what now?
Am I free to go?
Getting there.
Except, uh, our fugitive
is still on the run.
You wouldn't happen to know
who that might have been?
No.
Have a good day.
Hello, do you have an
appointment?
Yes, ma'am, for Robbie
Stinson.
Robbie Stinson, okay.
All right, follow me this way
please.
So you're here to join
or you're just here to
see how much we pay?
No sir, I'm here to join.
Now tell me why.
Because I wanna be the best,
sir.
And I'm tired of living in fear.
And if I have to work my
ass off to get that respect
then that's what I'm willing to
fight for.
Are you willing to die for
this?
It's you.
You actually came.
Man, I almost didn't find this
place.
Well, I'm glad you did.
Don't go anywhere, I'll be right
down.
Here at this facility we study
and track
the electromagnetic energy
that surrounds the human body.
And what do you do with all
that?
Energy never stops existing.
Even when we do.
When we die, our energy is
repurposed
back into the universe.
And by that accord, we theorize
that new life is where it
continues its trajectory.
You mean like reincarnation?
Why did you really come here?
'Cause of what you said
about our lives not ending.
I guess...
I guess I wasn't feeling safe.
Just need a little hope.
Have you ever dreamt of
someone you've never met,
memories that didn't seem your
own?
I mean, yeah, I guess.
We speculate that these are
fragments
of who came before you.
But to prove that, we need time
and a network.
One sophisticated enough to
database every living person.
And that just grazes the
surface.
The whole thing was constructed
during the second world war.
Whoah.
What are they doing to her?
Collecting
data, of course.
Did she volunteer?
More or less.
Come, there is one final
room I want to show you.
This room is for confessionals
where one decides what to leave
behind
for the next.
Like a time capsule?
In a way, yes.
I find the more useful
information you leave behind,
the better results this
experiment shall wield.
Telling someone your
sicknesses or bad habits
or allergies could prove
to be a valuable precursor.
So, say I make a video
and you ran your test,
how do you know where to
find who it's meant for?
Excellent question.
Unfortunately, we're not quite
there yet.
The thing is...
my life is real complicated
right now.
There are days where I just
don't know if it'll be my...
Never mind, just forget it.
Would you like to give it a
whirl?
Perhaps, say hello.
I'm going to step out of the
room.
The rest is up to you.
I don't know how this works.
I know I'm supposed to
tell y'all the good about my
life.
But...
But then I'd be lying.
It wouldn't be real.
Real is, the other night,
these two guys they came looking
for me.
Russ, we uh,
Look, we didn't mean to
involve you like this.
I apologize for that.
No, no, motherfucker,
I was always involved!
I can't breathe!
The deal's 50, you got a
fucking problem with that?
No.
Janice?
What are you doing...
Oh, I was just in the
neighborhood.
You look
That's okay, I'll wait.
Um...
Sorry about how we left
things.
I didn't want it to be that way.
Okay, so what do you want?
Beside breakfast?
Um... there's a diner on
the way back, you know.
Robbie, I'm going to
let you get away with that
because you still have drool on
your face.
- You haven't even woken up yet.
- Oh, okay.
All right.
Look, I gotta make a
phone call right quick,
so let me do that.
Hello?
Dad?
I wasn't sure you were gonna be
there.
Huh, where are you?
I'm at the bus station, I had
a friend-
- Robbie, I told you to
stay away for a few days!
It's not safe!
But dad, I got so much to tell
you.
I know.
All right, I have to head into
town.
I'll be back in about an hour.
We can talk when I get back.
I love you, man.
All right, love you too.
This the place?
Yeah.
It's been detailed?
There's one security
officer and he's old as fuck.
That good enough for you?
That depends.
On fucking what?
On whether you decide to run
off
with my fucking money.
You think I'm fucking stupid?
You ran from my fucking
nephew.
He's dead anyway.
Motherfucker!
The only reason why you're still
alive
is 'cause I need the fucking
money!
Oh, fuck!
Are we fucking clear?!
Yeah!
Try it again,
motherfucker, I'll kill you!
So did you like forget to eat
while you were gone or what?
Something like that.
And did you miss me?
You still haven't said
anything, I'm waiting.
Of course I missed you.
You better have.
Did you get what you needed down
there?
You gonna eat that?
Uh, no, all yours.
Yeah, it was interesting.
Was it what you expected?
No.
It was so much better.
Now all I have to do is
graduate.
Then I'm off to boot camp.
So, what happens when
you go all GI Joe on me?
What are you gonna do?
Music.
I've been chasing the dream,
maybe LA?
Oh, so that's a real thing?
- Okay, I'm sorry. I just...
- Yeah.
No, Robbie, it's okay.
Listen, I just wanna know about
us.
Like, school's ending in three
weeks, and,
I get it, I get it.
I mean, there's no reason we
both can't have the same thing.
You do you, I'll do me.
No matter what happens,
I'll find you, promise.
Ready to do this?
- Everybody get on the floor!
- Get the fuck on the ground!
Whoah, what's going on?
I don't know.
Russ, Russ the keys!
Throw me the keys,
goddamit, hurry up, come on!
Freeze!
Russ, Russ!
Next time, I'm totally gonna
get
the chocolate milkshake.
You should have got it.
The vanilla was better.
Hey, that's my dad's truck.
Janice, honk the horn.
Honk the!
Is that Robbie?
Oh no, no, no, no!
Dad!
Janice, go get him!
Wait, Robbie, Robbie!
Shit!
Mr. Stinson.
- You mother-
- Dad!
Dad, you all right?
No, Robbie, you stay away!
Let me handle this!
Shut up!
Robbie, wow.
Look what we have here.
Kenny, it's over.
Lower your weapon, man.
Just lower your weapon.
You know, in a different life
we could have stayed friends,
man.
I wish things were different.
It's just too bad we
didn't have more in common.
No, no.
There is one thing.
We outlived our fathers.
Dad, no!
Dad, dad!
No, no, no, no!
Don't die on me, man!
Please, I need you, don't die on
me!
I love you, Robbie.
No!
Oh dad, I gotta finish this
today!
Robbie, no!
Robbie, back off, it's over!
You fucked up this time,
Kenny!
Goddamit, get off of me, shit!
Ah, fuck! Give it to me!
Whoa, whoa, wait, wait, wait
wait!
Hold on, okay, just a wait a
minute.
Look, look, look, we have
history, man.
We were friends!
I hated you!
I fucking hated you!
I treated you like family,
okay!
I was there for you!
I had no one else.
I know man, and I'm sorry,
okay?
You had everything I ever
wanted.
I know, man.
And that wasn't fair.
No, no, no, what you doing
right now, that's not fair.
Your dad loved you so much.
So fucking much.
And I'm never gonna know
what that feels like,
you get it?
I'm sorry.
Kenny, no, please.
No.
I'm sorry.
You should have kept riding your
bike.
They wanted me dead, but I
wasn't there.
One of them got away.
He's still out there.
And I'm scared.
I'm Robbie Stinson and this is
my story.
Lola, dinner's in the
kit-
- I need a word with you.
It's eating you up, isn't it?
What are you talking about?
Just leave me alone,
okay?
I'm not doing this right now.
No, you are going to
talk to me
and I am not leaving until you
do.
Do you love him?
What?
It's a simple question.
Your father, you're asking
if I love your father?
No, the other man that you're
fucking.
Oh my god.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Oh.
You hit me.
You hit your mother!
I told you.
I fucking told you.
You think you know
everything, you know nothing!
All you care about is
the meaningless violence.
It's all you know.
That's all you'll ever know.
Open up your eyes, Lola!
Those protests?
They don't give one flying fuck
about you!
Get the fuck out of my
room!
Now!
Lola, what are you,
wait, wait!
Professor Mcrae, Professor
Mcrae.
Lola, please stop.
You're not supposed to be
back here without clearance!
Professor Mcrae!
What is the meaning of this?
Nothing makes sense anymore,
okay?
I'm trying to understand, I
really am
but everything around me
just keeps falling apart
and it just feels like a
horrible, horrible dream.
But that's not why I'm here.
I'm here because of Robbie.
Did you know that his convicted
killer
got released early from prison?
Yes, I do.
Yeah, you should, it's
all over the internet.
Good behavior my ass.
You know that we both need each
other.
Isn't that right?
Yes.
I need you to do something for
me.
Help me find the people who knew
him.
Even the one who killed him.
People see the tie,
they assume I come for money.
They think I was born into
luxury.
I'll tell you what.
Ain't that the furthest
thing from the truth.
Fact is, I've been working my
whole life.
Been shoveling pig shit since I
was a boy.
It's like my father used to say,
when you stop moving, you stop
living.
Keep up the good work, Kenny.
Might be a tie in there for you
yet.
You don't mind me asking you,
what kind of wisdom did
your father leave you with?
I don't know about your dad,
but,
mine was an asshole.
The sooner you accept that,
life just gets so, so much
better.
Good night, boss.
What do you have for me?
Lola, I strongly
suggest
you reconsider this.
This is not-
- You know that's not gonna
happen, right?
Well I had to
try.
I don't have the clearance
to pinpoint them on the map
but I have found their current
addresses.
However...
What is it?
His father.
Perhaps he...
He's been through a lot.
Perhaps he's best left alone
for everyone's sake.
Gene, is that you?
Please, I just wanna talk, okay?
I mean no harm.
How old are you, huh?
You're just a kid.
They're recruiting them
out of high school now?
No, nobody recruited me.
I just wanna talk.
Who are you with, huh?
This is how they get you.
They show you a young girl,
you let your guard down
and then boom, you wake up and
there's a chip in your neck.
I wasn't born yesterday, sister.
It really is you, isn't it?
You're just how he described.
This is so cool.
Just how who described?
Lola, I need to talk to you.
Please, Lola.
I don't want...
I don't want trouble, I just
need to talk to you please.
Lola.
I don't believe it.
I mean he,
This is wild!
Oh, just wild.
So you don't think I'm crazy?
Not a chance.
Can I just say, I was
totally expecting glasses
and to be honest, I'm
slightly disappointed.
You and me both.
They broke.
That's why I don't have them on.
That was that.
I can see why he liked you so
much.
I was his best friend.
We were thick as thieves.
Gene, is everything okay?
You um...
You need to go.
Like right now, please.
We're done here, please go.
Gene, I... he was a good guy,
He was my best friend, okay?
Not yours!
Dad, I'm really sorry,
like for everything.
Lola, you don't need to
apologize.
None of this is your fault.
I know, but I've known
for a long time now
and I didn't tell you.
List... I...
I'm gonna fix all this, okay?
You don't have to do that.
Lola, I know, I know.
But I always knew what I
was getting myself into.
That doesn't make it right.
Dad?
You could just ask
for the keys, you know?
About that, um, I just-
- No, no, no, it's fine.
I love you.
I love you too, Dad.
Good night.
Move!
Welcome back, Ava.
Why did you give this to her?!
Um, I'm so sorry, I can't
disclose another client, so-
- Excuse me?
This is my daughter we're
talking about,
not your fucking client.
You better start talking
or I swear to god.
Okay, okay, okay, just uh,
hold on.
Professor.
We have another situation.
Hello?
What?
Okay, slow down, I can't
understand you.
Stop yelling at me!
What do they want with you?
I don't know what you're
talking about.
Don't you lie to me, Lola.
I'm not lying to you, what's
wrong-
- Where are you?
None of your fucking business.
Yeah, so what, okay,
you're gonna start stealing cars
now too?
I swear to god, Lola, if I find
out
you're up to some stupid-
What is going on
here?!
This is not over.
Mom, hello?
You need to calm down.
Professor, why did you
send for my daughter?
If you'll just allow me to
explain.
I did not consent to this.
Unfortunately, that wasn't
necessary.
Excuse me?
Does she live underneath your
roof?
No, of course not.
Then shut your goddamn mouth.
You don't know her like I do.
You have no idea.
Lola is young and impulsive and
reckless.
So whatever ideas you've
implanted
into that little brain of hers,
I promise you, she's gonna
disappoint you.
And when she does,
it's gonna be too late!
Excuse me.
Can I get my bill?
Missing something, wasn't it?
What?
Your breakfast.
You didn't finish it.
Is that a problem?
You know what, I prefer spam
myself.
Nothing like that salty piece of
pork.
Liven up that first meal of the
day.
Maybe it's just me.
The thing is, every time you
open the can,
it looks, tastes the same.
It is what it is.
How can something so simple
never disappoint you?
I'm sorry, why are
you still talking to me?
Fetch you that waitress.
She's not picking up.
Do you even know what you've
done?
If anything happens to her,
this is on you.
Give me his address.
Who the hell are you?
Um, I'm looking for Janice.
Hey, come deal with this
shit.
Can I help?
Oh, fuck.
It's so goddamn bright out here.
I think I made a mistake.
Hey where you?
Hey!
What's your deal?
You remember Robbie Stinson?
What?
How do you know who that is?
I just know.
Even if I try to explain it to
you, you-
- No, okay, then don't.
Just get the fu... just
get the fuck out of here.
I don't need this shit.
Janice, wait.
Do you still play?
No.
Don't really have it in me.
Just kidding myself.
I get it.
What's your name?
Lola.
Lola, why are you here?
Like why are you here,
here? Middle of nowhere.
In my lawn asking me shit about
my past?
What do you want?
I need to know.
I need to know why he killed,
Robbie.
I asked myself that same
question.
It doesn't matter, he's gone.
Maybe that's not what
you should be asking.
Maybe try something else.
I don't know.
Maybe you should be asking why
the hell
Kenny is still alive.
Groader here.
Yeah, same old song and dance.
This one's a young girl.
Hmmm.
Name's Lola Rose.
Oh, it's been a while.
You hungry?
Fixed you a plate, it ain't
much, but,
Shit.
Shit, this can't be happening.
Settle down, have a seat.
Please, would you just take a
seat?
I'm not gonna hurt you.
Here's the thing, Lola.
You trespassed onto my property.
I have every right to put you
down.
And yet, there you stand free as
a bird.
But still you look at me like
I'm some kind of monster.
Aren't you though, some
monster?
I think it's time that you
leave.
No.
I didn't come all this
way to be shown the door.
I know why you're here.
Then you know why I'm not
leaving.
You think you're the
first person to threaten me?
Oh, I didn't threaten you yet.
I know that look.
I wore it my whole life.
Careful how you wield that
burning flame,
you might just set the world on
fire.
Don't tempt me.
You have no idea what it's
been like
to be caught up in this,
this fucking witch hunt!
You ruined people's lives!
Jesus fucking Christ!
I get it, I get it!
So I killed a kid I didn't
fucking like!
Say his fucking name!
I swear to god, if you
don't say his fucking name
and show him some goddamn
respect,
I'll fucking kill you!
Last chance, Lola Rose.
Once I shut this, you
might not like the man
behind these closed doors.
There he is.
Just the man I wanted to see.
I was always good at hide and
seek.
For some it's just a game
but for me it's about survival.
Every second I bought
spared me from having
to feel a leather belt
tear into my flesh!
I guess what I'm really trying
to say is
you come on out.
I'll spare you that
anticipation.
If you ask me, that's so so much
worse.
Agh!
How did you?
He's the only one that knew.
You couldn't...
I was wrong about you.
You're not like the others.
No, no.
I should have known.
But I see it now.
I see everything.
Hold that thought.
I don't suppose you-
- What brings you to my neck of
the woods?
My daughter.
Should head back to the car.
It isn't safe out this time of
night.
You don't remember me?
What are you getting at?
I'm so sorry.
I don't know why I thought you
would.
You never did return my calls.
I used to do things.
But that had to stop
after the night we met.
I was...
I was drunk off my ass.
I could barely hold myself up!
But you didn't seem to mind.
I was careless that night.
Or as my mother put it, a
disgusting little whore.
But that didn't last.
Nine months later, she was
waiting on me hand and foot.
Who do you think you are?
You just gonna skirt past it
then?
You come into my house
and then you just drag me
through your twisted fucking past
which I had no goddamn part in.
None!
Look at you, nothing but a
fucking whore.
Get off my property.
Probably serves you right.
That's why you ended up where
you did.
You stupid son of a-
I can only be what he raised
me to be.
Mom!
Felt good, didn't
it?
Sorry to disappoint you.
You're not gonna kill me with
birdshot.
Maybe your mother was right
after all.
Like looking into a mirror.
Only had two shots.
Gotta get your hands dirty
if you wanna kill me.
Then it's a
good thing I have this.
You should
really check on your mother.
She might be dead.
No!
Goddamn you, you lying son of a
bitch!
It's over!
All of it!
That's not what they
promised me at Next Life.
Apparently, inmates on death row
are quite the valuable asset to
them.
Our prison was ripe for the
taking.
That's not possible.
I was useless to them in
prison.
It wasn't till I got out
that they took me serious.
Fuck!
Go on, Lola.
Kill me.
And see what happens.
I'm gonna enjoy coming back for
you.
When you least expect it,
I'm gonna hunt you down.
And we're gonna do this over
and over, and over again.
This is just the beginning.
Come on Lola.
Deliver me to my next life.
As you wish.
21 year old
Lola Rose in police custody
on suspicion of homicide.
The man killed has been
identified
as 40 year old Kenny McCoy.
He was an ex-con who had his
own history with the law,
having taken the life
of an innocent teenager
Robbie Stinson over 20 years
prior.
When officers arrived on the
scene
the suspect was found near the
body
holding a knife that was
allegedly used on the victim.
A motive is still under
investigation
but the Chief of Police did not
rule out
there being a connection
to McCoy's criminal past.
Why were you out there with
him?
It all seems a bit premeditated.
You a lawyer?
Indeed I am.
Have a seat.
We're already recording.
This isn't for you.
I know why I'm here.
I know what I did was wrong
and there's gonna be
consequences.
And you wanna know why I did it.
Some might not agree with my
actions
and I may have just started
something I can't finish.
But this is so much bigger than
me.
It is so much bigger than all of
us.
So, whoever is listening to
this,
know that I warned you.
They're coming for us.
But if you stick with
me and just hear me out,
I can't promise that you'll be
safe.
But you'll know.
You'll know the truth.
And that one day might just save
you.
What kind of confession is
this shit?
My name is Lola Rose.
And this is my story.